article.title:"An Evaluation of Object-Oriented" venue.title:GTE

article.title:"An Evaluation of Object-Oriented" venue.title:GTE article.title:"the Incremental Migration"

"performance evaluation of object" venue.title:"ACM SIGSOFT"

"ware Engineering Notes" "performance evaluation of object"

inproceedings.title:"Database Systems 2.0" inproceedings.title:"Structured Data Meets News" venue.title:"Proceedings of the VLDB 2019 PhD Workshop" venue:VLDB





-------------------------------

FTSE-4-DBLP is a full-text search engine for DBLP developed in Python. It uses Sax to parse the dblp XML file and Whoosh to query, search and rank the elements.

" The DBLP computer science bibliography provides open bibliographic information on major computer science journals and proceedings.
Originally created at the University of Trier in 1993, DBLP is now operated and further developed by Schloss Dagstuhl. "

Whoosh is a fast, pure Python programmer library for creating a search engine.

Sax is an XML parser that operates element by element, line by line and emits events as it goes step by step through the file.

-------------------------------

Research in FTSE-4-DBLP follow some simple rules.

You can search:
	single words with a keyword-query which is a alphanumeric character sequence delimited by spaces
	phrases with a phrase-query which is a sequence of keywords delimited by " ( double quote )

You can search a word or a phrase among specific elements and/or fields as follow:

	[element].[field]:[keyword/phrase]

	You don't have to specify both! For example, you can look for the keyword information among the field title of every element by typing title:information
	or for the phrase "information retrieval" among a specific element but among every field by typing article."information retrieval" or article:"information retrieval".
	As you can see, when you are not specifying a field you can both use . or : to specify an element because FTSE-4-DBLP is smart enough to understand when you do specify an element or a field and when you don't.

	But what do we mean with elements and fields?

	DBLP provides two big type of data: publications and venues.
	Each one has elements ( such as article for publications and book for venues ) each of which has fields but you can only specify some of them!

	As publication elements, you can use article, incollection, inproceedings, phdthesis, mastersthesis and a special one: publication which is used to specify that you
	are looking for a publication with a generic element.

	As venue elements you can only use the special element venue to specify that you are looking for a venue.

	As publication fields, you can use author, title and year.

	As venues fields, you can use title and publisher.

	If an element is not specified, FTSE-4-DBLP will search among every element.

	If a field is not specified, FTSE-4-DBLP will search among every field of every element ( if element is not specified )

	So, in short:

		f-t-s : ([field:] search-pattern)+
		search-pattern : keyword | “phase”
		field: pub-search | venue-search
		pub-search : pub-ele[.pub-field]
		pub-ele: publication | article | incollection | inproc | phThesis | masterThesis
		pub-field: author | title | year
		venue-search: venue[.venue-field]
		venue-field: title | publisher

We did our best to prevent failures or unexpected behavior so FTSE-4-DBLP will show some warnings ( if enabled ) when you don't follow these rules but, as everything, is not perfect so you may get unwanted or unoptimized results if you type something strange.

--------------------------------------------------------------

FTSE-4-DBLP provides two different ranking models for your results: Okapi BM25F and Frequency.

Okapi BM25F is a ranking function used by search engines to estimate the relevance of documents to a given search query. It is based on the probabilistic retrieval framework developed in the 1970s and 1980s by Stephen E. Robertson, Karen Spärck Jones, and others.

Frequency ranking estimate the relevance of documents to a given search query by counting its occurrences: the higher the number, the higher the score.

To combine publications and venues score when both are in the results set, FTSE-4-DBLP use the Threshold Algorithm. More infos can be found in the following paper: R. Fagin, A. Lotem and M. Naor, Optimal aggregation algorithms for middleware, Journal of Computer and System Sciences 66, p. 614-656, 2003

---------------------------------------------------------

We did our best to prevent and handle failures or unexpected behavior but FTSE-4-DBLP will show some warnings ( if enabled ) in case something is wrong with the query syntax.

You can choose to show possible warnings or not by switching the option in the menu despite is highly recommended not to change it.

Some critical warnings cannot be turned off in order to increase the software's robustness.